src/Azs.Network.Admin/readme.md, before:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Azs.Network.Admin
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the NetworkAdmin service.

---
## Status
[![Azs.Network.Admin](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/Azs.Network.Admin.svg?style=flat-square&label=Azs.Network.Admin "Azs.Network.Admin")](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Azs.Network.Admin/)

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 1.6.0 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Azs.Network.Admin`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

## Generation Requirements
Use of the beta version of `autorest.powershell` generator requires the following:
- [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org) (10.15.x LTS preferred)
  - **Note**: It *will not work* with Node < 10.x. Using 11.x builds may cause issues as they may introduce instability or breaking changes.
> If you want an easy way to install and update Node, [NVS - Node Version Switcher](../nodejs/installing-via-nvs.md) or [NVM - Node Version Manager](../nodejs/installing-via-nvm.md) is recommended.
- [AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest) v3 beta <br>`npm install -g autorest@beta`<br>&nbsp;
- PowerShell 6.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g pwsh`<br>&nbsp;
- .NET Core SDK 2.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g dotnet-sdk-2.2`<br>&nbsp;

## Run Generation
In this directory, run AutoRest:
> `autorest`

---
### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azurestack.md
  - $(repo)/specification/azsadmin/resource-manager/network/readme.md

metadata:
  description: 'Microsoft AzureStack PowerShell: Network Admin cmdlets'

### PSD1 metadata changes
subject-prefix: ''
module-version: 0.9.0-preview
service-name: NetworkAdmin

### File Renames
module-name: Azs.Network.Admin
csproj: Azs.Network.Admin.csproj # C# project file
psd1: Azs.Network.Admin.psd1 # module manifest file
psm1: Azs.Network.Admin.psm1 # script module file
```

### Parameter default values
``` yaml
directive:
    # Prepend Network for the Quota cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: Quota
    set:
      subject-prefix: Network

    # Remove LocationsOperation, OnPremLocation cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: (Location)
    remove: true.

    # Rename ResourceName parameter to Name
  - where:
      parameter-name: ResourceName
    set:
      parameter-name: Name

    # Default to Format-List for the LoadBalancer commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: LoadBalancer
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the Quota commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: Quota
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the PublicIpAddress commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: PublicIpAddress
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the VirtualNetwork commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: VirtualNetwork
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Rename Get-AzsResourceProviderState to Get-AzsNetworkAdminOverView
  - where:
      verb: Get
      subject: ResourceProviderState
    set:
      subject: NetworkAdminOverview
    # Default to Format-List for AdminOverview as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: AdminOverview
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # New-AzsNetworkQuota.ps1 - Assign default values matching to the portal UI
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxLoadBalancersPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '50'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxNicsPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '100'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxPublicIpsPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '50'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxSecurityGroupsPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '50'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxVirtualNetworkGatewayConnectionsPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '2'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxVirtualNetworkGatewaysPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '1'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxVnetsPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '50'

  ## variant removal from all Set cmdlets -- parameter set UpdateExpanded
  - where:
      verb: Set
      variant: UpdateExpanded
    remove: true
  
  ## hide autorest generated cmdlet to use the custom one
  - where:
      verb: New|Set
      subject: Quota
    hide: true

# Add release notes
  - from: Azs.Network.Admin.nuspec
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('<releaseNotes></releaseNotes>', '<releaseNotes>AzureStack Hub Admin module generated with https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell - see https://aka.ms/azpshmigration for breaking changes.</releaseNotes>');

# Add Az.Accounts/Az.Resources as dependencies
  - from: Azs.Network.Admin.nuspec
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('<dependency id=\"Az.Accounts\" version=\"1.6.0\" />', '<dependency id="Az.Accounts" version="[2.0.1-preview]" />\n      <dependency id="Az.Resources" version="[0.10.0-preview]" />');

# PSD1 changes for RequiredModules
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredAssemblies = \'\{\"./bin/Azs.Network.Admin.private.dll\"\}\'\"\);', 'sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredAssemblies = \'\{\"./bin/Azs.Network.Admin.private.dll\"\}\'\"\);\n      sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredModules = @\(@\{\{ModuleName = \'Az.Accounts\'; ModuleVersion = \'2.0.1\'; \}\}, @\{\{ModuleName = \'Az.Resources\'; RequiredVersion = \'0.10.0\'; \}\}\)\"\);');

# PSD1 changes for ReleaseNotes
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}\{Indent\}\{Indent\}ReleaseNotes = \'\'\"\);', 'sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}\{Indent\}\{Indent\}ReleaseNotes = \'AzureStack Hub Admin module generated with https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell - see https://aka.ms/azpshmigration for breaking changes\'\"\);' );

Commit message:

Fixing module/package names for Azurebridge, InfraStructureinsights and Keyvault
File Paths are case sensitive in Linux/mac environments

src/Azs.Network.Admin/readme.md, after:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Azs.Network.Admin
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the NetworkAdmin service.

---
## Status
[![Azs.Network.Admin](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/Azs.Network.Admin.svg?style=flat-square&label=Azs.Network.Admin "Azs.Network.Admin")](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Azs.Network.Admin/)

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 1.6.0 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Azs.Network.Admin`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

## Generation Requirements
Use of the beta version of `autorest.powershell` generator requires the following:
- [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org) (10.15.x LTS preferred)
  - **Note**: It *will not work* with Node < 10.x. Using 11.x builds may cause issues as they may introduce instability or breaking changes.
> If you want an easy way to install and update Node, [NVS - Node Version Switcher](../nodejs/installing-via-nvs.md) or [NVM - Node Version Manager](../nodejs/installing-via-nvm.md) is recommended.
- [AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest) v3 beta <br>`npm install -g autorest@beta`<br>&nbsp;
- PowerShell 6.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g pwsh`<br>&nbsp;
- .NET Core SDK 2.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g dotnet-sdk-2.2`<br>&nbsp;

## Run Generation
In this directory, run AutoRest:
> `autorest`

---
### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azurestack.md
  - $(repo)/specification/azsadmin/resource-manager/network/readme.md

metadata:
  description: 'Microsoft AzureStack PowerShell: Network Admin cmdlets'

### PSD1 metadata changes
subject-prefix: ''
module-version: 0.9.0-preview
service-name: NetworkAdmin

### File Renames
### IMPORTANT - Note that the following settings are case sensitive ###
module-name: Azs.Network.Admin
csproj: Azs.Network.Admin.csproj # C# project file
psd1: Azs.Network.Admin.psd1 # module manifest file
psm1: Azs.Network.Admin.psm1 # script module file
```

### Parameter default values
``` yaml
directive:
    # Prepend Network for the Quota cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: Quota
    set:
      subject-prefix: Network

    # Remove LocationsOperation, OnPremLocation cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: (Location)
    remove: true.

    # Rename ResourceName parameter to Name
  - where:
      parameter-name: ResourceName
    set:
      parameter-name: Name

    # Default to Format-List for the LoadBalancer commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: LoadBalancer
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the Quota commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: Quota
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the PublicIpAddress commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: PublicIpAddress
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the VirtualNetwork commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: VirtualNetwork
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Rename Get-AzsResourceProviderState to Get-AzsNetworkAdminOverView
  - where:
      verb: Get
      subject: ResourceProviderState
    set:
      subject: NetworkAdminOverview
    # Default to Format-List for AdminOverview as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: AdminOverview
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # New-AzsNetworkQuota.ps1 - Assign default values matching to the portal UI
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxLoadBalancersPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '50'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxNicsPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '100'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxPublicIpsPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '50'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxSecurityGroupsPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '50'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxVirtualNetworkGatewayConnectionsPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '2'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxVirtualNetworkGatewaysPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '1'
  - where:
      verb: New
      parameter-name: MaxVnetsPerSubscription
    set:
      default:
        script: '50'

  ## variant removal from all Set cmdlets -- parameter set UpdateExpanded
  - where:
      verb: Set
      variant: UpdateExpanded
    remove: true
  
  ## hide autorest generated cmdlet to use the custom one
  - where:
      verb: New|Set
      subject: Quota
    hide: true

# Add release notes
  - from: Azs.Network.Admin.nuspec
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('<releaseNotes></releaseNotes>', '<releaseNotes>AzureStack Hub Admin module generated with https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell - see https://aka.ms/azpshmigration for breaking changes.</releaseNotes>');

# Add Az.Accounts/Az.Resources as dependencies
  - from: Azs.Network.Admin.nuspec
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('<dependency id=\"Az.Accounts\" version=\"1.6.0\" />', '<dependency id="Az.Accounts" version="[2.0.1-preview]" />\n      <dependency id="Az.Resources" version="[0.10.0-preview]" />');

# PSD1 changes for RequiredModules
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredAssemblies = \'\{\"./bin/Azs.Network.Admin.private.dll\"\}\'\"\);', 'sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredAssemblies = \'\{\"./bin/Azs.Network.Admin.private.dll\"\}\'\"\);\n      sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredModules = @\(@\{\{ModuleName = \'Az.Accounts\'; ModuleVersion = \'2.0.1\'; \}\}, @\{\{ModuleName = \'Az.Resources\'; RequiredVersion = \'0.10.0\'; \}\}\)\"\);');

# PSD1 changes for ReleaseNotes
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}\{Indent\}\{Indent\}ReleaseNotes = \'\'\"\);', 'sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}\{Indent\}\{Indent\}ReleaseNotes = \'AzureStack Hub Admin module generated with https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell - see https://aka.ms/azpshmigration for breaking changes\'\"\);' );
