src/Azs.Compute.Admin/readme.md, before:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Azs.Compute.Admin
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the ComputeAdmin service.

---
## Status
[![Azs.Compute.Admin](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/Azs.Compute.Admin.svg?style=flat-square&label=Azs.Compute.Admin "Azs.Compute.Admin")](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Azs.Compute.Admin/)

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.2.3 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Azs.Compute.Admin`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

## Generation Requirements
Use of the beta version of `autorest.powershell` generator requires the following:
- [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org) (10.15.x LTS preferred)
  - **Note**: It *will not work* with Node < 10.x. Using 11.x builds may cause issues as they may introduce instability or breaking changes.
> If you want an easy way to install and update Node, [NVS - Node Version Switcher](../nodejs/installing-via-nvs.md) or [NVM - Node Version Manager](../nodejs/installing-via-nvm.md) is recommended.
- [AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest) v3 beta <br>`npm install -g autorest@beta`<br>&nbsp;
- PowerShell 6.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g pwsh`<br>&nbsp;
- .NET Core SDK 2.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g dotnet-sdk-2.2`<br>&nbsp;

## Run Generation
In this directory, run AutoRest:
> `autorest`

---
### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azurestack.md
  - $(repo)/specification/azsadmin/resource-manager/compute/readme.md

metadata:
  description: 'Microsoft AzureStack PowerShell: Compute Admin cmdlets'

### PSD1 metadata changes
subject-prefix: ''
module-version: 1.0.1
service-name: ComputeAdmin

### File Renames
### IMPORTANT - Note that the following settings are case sensitive ###
module-name: Azs.Compute.Admin
csproj: Azs.Compute.Admin.csproj
psd1: Azs.Compute.Admin.psd1
psm1: Azs.Compute.Admin.psm1
```
### Parameter default values
``` yaml
directive:
    # Prepend Compute for the Feature cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: Feature*
    set:
      subject-prefix: Compute

    # Prepend Compute for the Quota cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: Quota
    set:
      subject-prefix: Compute

    # Prepend Compute for the Quota cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: ScaleUnit
    set:
      subject-prefix: Compute

    # Rename Tenant to User
  - where:
      subject: Tenant*
    set:
      subject: User

    # Rename New-AzsPlatformImage to Add-AzsPlatformImage
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: PlatformImage
    set:
      verb: Add

    # Rename New-AzsVMExtension to Add-AzsVMExtension
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: VMExtension
    set:
      verb: Add

    # Rename New-AzsDiskMigrationJob to Start-AzsDiskMigrationJob and create alias with same name
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: DiskMigrationJob
    set:
      alias: Start-AzsDiskMigrationJob  

  # Default to Format-List for the VMExtension commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: VMExtension
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the Quota commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: Quota
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the PlatformImage commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: PlatformImage
    set:
      suppress-format: true
  
    # Rename property OsDiskOstype in PlatformImage model to OsType
  - where:
      property-name: OsDiskOstype
      model-name: PlatformImage
    set:
      property-name: OsType

    # Rename property OsDiskUri in PlatformImage model to OsUri
  - where:
      property-name: OsDiskUri
      model-name: PlatformImage
    set:
      property-name: OsUri

    # Rename property DetailBillingPartNumber in PlatformImage model to BillingPartNumber
  - where:
      property-name: DetailBillingPartNumber
      model-name: PlatformImage
    set:
      property-name: BillingPartNumber

    # Rename property DataDisk in PlatformImage model to DataDisks
  - where:
      property-name: DataDisk
      model-name: PlatformImage
    set:
      property-name: DataDisks

    # Rename property Sku in Disk model to DiskSku
  - where:
      property-name: Sku
      model-name: Disk
    set:
      property-name: DiskSku

    # Rename property MaxAllocationPremiumManagedDisksAndSnapshot in Disk model to PremiumManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize
  - where:
      property-name: MaxAllocationPremiumManagedDisksAndSnapshot
      model-name: Quota
    set:
      property-name: PremiumManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize

    # Rename property MaxAllocationStandardManagedDisksAndSnapshot in Disk model to StandardManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize
  - where:
      property-name: MaxAllocationStandardManagedDisksAndSnapshot
      model-name: Quota
    set:
      property-name: StandardManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize

    # Default to Format-List for the Disk commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: Disk
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the DiskMigrationJob commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: DiskMigrationJob
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Rename DataDisk parameter to DataDisks in Add-AzsPlatformImage for back-compat
  - where:
      verb: Add
      subject: PlatformImage
      parameter-name: DataDisk
    set:
      parameter-name: DataDisks

    # Rename DetailBillingPartNumber parameter to BillingPartNumber for back-compat
  - where:
      parameter-name: DetailBillingPartNumber
    set:
      parameter-name: BillingPartNumber

    # Rename OsDiskOsType parameter to OsType for back-compat
  - where:
      parameter-name: OsDiskOsType
    set:
      parameter-name: OsType

    # Rename OsDiskUri parameter to OsUri for back-compat
  - where:
      parameter-name: OsDiskUri
    set:
      parameter-name: OsUri
  
    # Rename VmosType parameter to VmOsType for back-compat
  - where:
      parameter-name: VmosType
    set:
      parameter-name: VmOsType

  - where:
      parameter-name: SourceBlobUri
    set:
      parameter-name: SourceBlob

  - where:
      parameter-name: VmScaleSetEnabled
    set:
      parameter-name: VMScaleSetEnabled
  
  - where:
      parameter-name: SupportMultipleExtension
    set:
      parameter-name: SupportMultipleExtensions

  - where:
      parameter-name: Id
      verb: Get
      subject: Disk
    set:
      parameter-name: Name

# New Compute Quota --- CoresLimit parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: CoresLimit
      verb: New
    set:
      default:
        script: '100'

  - where:
      parameter-name: CoresLimit
    set:
      alias: CoresLimit

  - where:
      parameter-name: CoresLimit
    set:
      parameter-name: CoresCount

# New Compute Quota --- AvailabilitySetCount parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: AvailabilitySetCount
      verb: New
    set:
      default:
        script: '10'

# New Compute Quota --- VirtualMachineCount parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: VirtualMachineCount
      verb: New
    set:
      default:
        script: '100'

# New Compute Quota --- MaxAllocationStandardManagedDisksAndSnapshot parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: MaxAllocationStandardManagedDisksAndSnapshot
      verb: New
    set:
      default:
        script: '2048'

  - where:
      parameter-name: MaxAllocationStandardManagedDisksAndSnapshot
    set:
      parameter-name: StandardManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize

# New Compute Quota --- MaxAllocationPremiumManagedDisksAndSnapshot parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: MaxAllocationPremiumManagedDisksAndSnapshot
      verb: New
    set:
      default:
        script: '2048'

  - where:
      parameter-name: MaxAllocationPremiumManagedDisksAndSnapshot
    set:
      parameter-name: PremiumManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize

# New Disk Migration --- Disks Parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: Disk
      verb: New
    set:
      parameter-name: Disks

# New Disk Migration --- MigrationId Parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: MigrationId
    set:
      alias: MigrationId

  - where:
      parameter-name: MigrationId
    set:
      parameter-name: Name

  # Remove CancelViaIdentity parameter set in Stop-AzsDiskMigrationJob
  - where:
      verb: Stop
      subject: DiskMigrationJob
      variant: CancelViaIdentity
    remove: true

  # Hide the auto-generated New-AzsDiskMigrationJob and expose it through customized one
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: DiskMigrationJob
    hide: true

  ## variant removal from Set-AzsComputeQuota cmdlet -- parameter set UpdateExpanded
  - where:
      verb: Set
      subject: Quota
      variant: UpdateExpanded
    remove: true
  
  ## hide autorest generated cmdlet to use the custom one
  - where:
      verb: New|Set
      subject: Quota
    hide: true

# Add release notes
  - from: Azs.Compute.Admin.nuspec
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('<releaseNotes></releaseNotes>', '<releaseNotes>AzureStack Hub Admin module generated with https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell.</releaseNotes>');

# Add Az.Accounts/Az.Resources as dependencies
  - from: Azs.Compute.Admin.nuspec
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('<dependency id="Az.Accounts" version="2.2.3" />', '<dependency id="Az.Accounts" version="[2.2.8]" />\n      <dependency id="Az.Resources" version="[0.11.0]" />');

# PSD1 Changes for RequiredModules
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredAssemblies = \'\{\"./bin/Azs.Compute.Admin.private.dll\"\}\'\"\);', 'sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredAssemblies = \'\{\"./bin/Azs.Compute.Admin.private.dll\"\}\'\"\);\n      sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredModules = @\(@\{\{ModuleName = \'Az.Accounts\'; RequiredVersion = \'2.2.8\'; \}\}, @\{\{ModuleName = \'Az.Resources\'; RequiredVersion = \'0.11.0\'; \}\}\)\"\);');

# PSD1 Changes for ReleaseNotes
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}\{Indent\}\{Indent\}ReleaseNotes = \'\'\"\);', 'sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}\{Indent\}\{Indent\}ReleaseNotes = \'AzureStack Hub Admin module generated with https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell\'\"\);' );

Commit message:

new diskrp admin powershell sdk (#116)
* new diskrp admin powershell sdk

* Enabling Disk related Tests

* update recording file

* fix comma

Co-authored-by: Shawn Sun <xigsun@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: bganapa <bganapa@microsoft.com>

src/Azs.Compute.Admin/readme.md, after:

<!-- region Generated -->
# Azs.Compute.Admin
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the ComputeAdmin service.

---
## Status
[![Azs.Compute.Admin](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/Azs.Compute.Admin.svg?style=flat-square&label=Azs.Compute.Admin "Azs.Compute.Admin")](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Azs.Compute.Admin/)

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.2.3 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Azs.Compute.Admin`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

## Generation Requirements
Use of the beta version of `autorest.powershell` generator requires the following:
- [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org) (10.15.x LTS preferred)
  - **Note**: It *will not work* with Node < 10.x. Using 11.x builds may cause issues as they may introduce instability or breaking changes.
> If you want an easy way to install and update Node, [NVS - Node Version Switcher](../nodejs/installing-via-nvs.md) or [NVM - Node Version Manager](../nodejs/installing-via-nvm.md) is recommended.
- [AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest) v3 beta <br>`npm install -g autorest@beta`<br>&nbsp;
- PowerShell 6.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g pwsh`<br>&nbsp;
- .NET Core SDK 2.0 or greater
  - If you don't have it installed, you can use the cross-platform npm package <br>`npm install -g dotnet-sdk-2.2`<br>&nbsp;

## Run Generation
In this directory, run AutoRest:
> `autorest`

---
### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
require:
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azurestack.md
  - $(repo)/specification/azsadmin/resource-manager/compute/readme.md

metadata:
  description: 'Microsoft AzureStack PowerShell: Compute Admin cmdlets'

### PSD1 metadata changes
subject-prefix: ''
module-version: 1.0.1
service-name: ComputeAdmin

### File Renames
### IMPORTANT - Note that the following settings are case sensitive ###
module-name: Azs.Compute.Admin
csproj: Azs.Compute.Admin.csproj
psd1: Azs.Compute.Admin.psd1
psm1: Azs.Compute.Admin.psm1
```
### Parameter default values
``` yaml
directive:
    # Prepend Compute for the Feature cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: Feature*
    set:
      subject-prefix: Compute

    # Prepend Compute for the Quota cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: Quota
    set:
      subject-prefix: Compute

    # Prepend Compute for the Quota cmdlets
  - where:
      subject: ScaleUnit
    set:
      subject-prefix: Compute

    # Rename Tenant to User
  - where:
      subject: Tenant*
    set:
      subject: User

    # Rename New-AzsPlatformImage to Add-AzsPlatformImage
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: PlatformImage
    set:
      verb: Add

    # Rename New-AzsVMExtension to Add-AzsVMExtension
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: VMExtension
    set:
      verb: Add

    # Rename New-AzsDiskMigrationJob to Start-AzsDiskMigrationJob and create alias with same name
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: DiskMigrationJob
    set:
      alias: Start-AzsDiskMigrationJob  

  # Default to Format-List for the VMExtension commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: VMExtension
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the Quota commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: Quota
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the PlatformImage commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: PlatformImage
    set:
      suppress-format: true
  
    # Rename property OsDiskOstype in PlatformImage model to OsType
  - where:
      property-name: OsDiskOstype
      model-name: PlatformImage
    set:
      property-name: OsType

    # Rename property OsDiskUri in PlatformImage model to OsUri
  - where:
      property-name: OsDiskUri
      model-name: PlatformImage
    set:
      property-name: OsUri

    # Rename property DetailBillingPartNumber in PlatformImage model to BillingPartNumber
  - where:
      property-name: DetailBillingPartNumber
      model-name: PlatformImage
    set:
      property-name: BillingPartNumber

    # Rename property DataDisk in PlatformImage model to DataDisks
  - where:
      property-name: DataDisk
      model-name: PlatformImage
    set:
      property-name: DataDisks

    # Rename property Sku in Disk model to DiskSku
  - where:
      property-name: Sku
      model-name: Disk
    set:
      property-name: DiskSku

    # Rename property MaxAllocationPremiumManagedDisksAndSnapshot in Disk model to PremiumManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize
  - where:
      property-name: MaxAllocationPremiumManagedDisksAndSnapshot
      model-name: Quota
    set:
      property-name: PremiumManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize

    # Rename property MaxAllocationStandardManagedDisksAndSnapshot in Disk model to StandardManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize
  - where:
      property-name: MaxAllocationStandardManagedDisksAndSnapshot
      model-name: Quota
    set:
      property-name: StandardManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize

    # Default to Format-List for the Disk commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: Disk
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Default to Format-List for the DiskMigrationJob commandlets as there are many important fields
  - where:
      model-name: DiskMigrationJob
    set:
      suppress-format: true

    # Rename DataDisk parameter to DataDisks in Add-AzsPlatformImage for back-compat
  - where:
      verb: Add
      subject: PlatformImage
      parameter-name: DataDisk
    set:
      parameter-name: DataDisks

    # Rename DetailBillingPartNumber parameter to BillingPartNumber for back-compat
  - where:
      parameter-name: DetailBillingPartNumber
    set:
      parameter-name: BillingPartNumber

    # Rename OsDiskOsType parameter to OsType for back-compat
  - where:
      parameter-name: OsDiskOsType
    set:
      parameter-name: OsType

    # Rename OsDiskUri parameter to OsUri for back-compat
  - where:
      parameter-name: OsDiskUri
    set:
      parameter-name: OsUri
  
    # Rename VmosType parameter to VmOsType for back-compat
  - where:
      parameter-name: VmosType
    set:
      parameter-name: VmOsType

  - where:
      parameter-name: SourceBlobUri
    set:
      parameter-name: SourceBlob

  - where:
      parameter-name: VmScaleSetEnabled
    set:
      parameter-name: VMScaleSetEnabled
  
  - where:
      parameter-name: SupportMultipleExtension
    set:
      parameter-name: SupportMultipleExtensions

  - where:
      parameter-name: Id
      verb: Get
      subject: Disk
    set:
      parameter-name: Name

# New Compute Quota --- CoresLimit parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: CoresLimit
      verb: New
    set:
      default:
        script: '100'

  - where:
      parameter-name: CoresLimit
    set:
      alias: CoresLimit

  - where:
      parameter-name: CoresLimit
    set:
      parameter-name: CoresCount

# New Compute Quota --- AvailabilitySetCount parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: AvailabilitySetCount
      verb: New
    set:
      default:
        script: '10'

# New Compute Quota --- VirtualMachineCount parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: VirtualMachineCount
      verb: New
    set:
      default:
        script: '100'

# New Compute Quota --- MaxAllocationStandardManagedDisksAndSnapshot parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: MaxAllocationStandardManagedDisksAndSnapshot
      verb: New
    set:
      default:
        script: '2048'

  - where:
      parameter-name: MaxAllocationStandardManagedDisksAndSnapshot
    set:
      parameter-name: StandardManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize

# New Compute Quota --- MaxAllocationPremiumManagedDisksAndSnapshot parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: MaxAllocationPremiumManagedDisksAndSnapshot
      verb: New
    set:
      default:
        script: '2048'

  - where:
      parameter-name: MaxAllocationPremiumManagedDisksAndSnapshot
    set:
      parameter-name: PremiumManagedDiskAndSnapshotSize

# New Disk Migration --- Disks Parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: Disk
      verb: New
    set:
      parameter-name: Disks

# New Disk Migration --- MigrationId Parameter
  - where:
      parameter-name: MigrationId
    set:
      alias: MigrationId

  - where:
      parameter-name: MigrationId
    set:
      parameter-name: Name

  # Remove CancelViaIdentity parameter set in Stop-AzsDiskMigrationJob
  - where:
      verb: Stop
      subject: DiskMigrationJob
      variant: CancelViaIdentity
    remove: true
    
  # Hide the auto-generated Get-AzsDisk and expose it through customized one
  - where:
      verb: Get
      subject: Disk
    hide: true

  # Hide the auto-generated New-AzsDiskMigrationJob and expose it through customized one
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: DiskMigrationJob
    hide: true

  ## variant removal from Set-AzsComputeQuota cmdlet -- parameter set UpdateExpanded
  - where:
      verb: Set
      subject: Quota
      variant: UpdateExpanded
    remove: true
  
  ## hide autorest generated cmdlet to use the custom one
  - where:
      verb: New|Set
      subject: Quota
    hide: true

# Add release notes
  - from: Azs.Compute.Admin.nuspec
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('<releaseNotes></releaseNotes>', '<releaseNotes>AzureStack Hub Admin module generated with https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell.</releaseNotes>');

# Add Az.Accounts/Az.Resources as dependencies
  - from: Azs.Compute.Admin.nuspec
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('<dependency id="Az.Accounts" version="2.2.3" />', '<dependency id="Az.Accounts" version="[2.2.8]" />\n      <dependency id="Az.Resources" version="[0.11.0]" />');

# PSD1 Changes for RequiredModules
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredAssemblies = \'\{\"./bin/Azs.Compute.Admin.private.dll\"\}\'\"\);', 'sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredAssemblies = \'\{\"./bin/Azs.Compute.Admin.private.dll\"\}\'\"\);\n      sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}RequiredModules = @\(@\{\{ModuleName = \'Az.Accounts\'; RequiredVersion = \'2.2.8\'; \}\}, @\{\{ModuleName = \'Az.Resources\'; RequiredVersion = \'0.11.0\'; \}\}\)\"\);');

# PSD1 Changes for ReleaseNotes
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: $ = $.replace('sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}\{Indent\}\{Indent\}ReleaseNotes = \'\'\"\);', 'sb.AppendLine\(\$@\"\{Indent\}\{Indent\}\{Indent\}ReleaseNotes = \'AzureStack Hub Admin module generated with https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell\'\"\);' );
