src/Azs.Compute.Admin/docs/Add-AzsPlatformImage.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Azs.Compute.Admin
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azs.compute.admin/add-azsplatformimage
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Add-AzsPlatformImage

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a new platform image with given publisher, offer, skus and version.

## SYNTAX

### CreateExpanded (Default)
```
Add-AzsPlatformImage -Offer <String> -Publisher <String> -Sku <String> -Version <String> [-Location <String>]
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-BillingPartNumber <String>] [-DataDisks <IDataDisk[]>] [-OsType <OSType>]
 [-OsUri <String>] [-ProvisioningState <ProvisioningState>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Create
```
Add-AzsPlatformImage -Offer <String> -Publisher <String> -Sku <String> -Version <String>
 -NewImage <IPlatformImageParameters> [-Location <String>] [-SubscriptionId <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CreateViaIdentity
```
Add-AzsPlatformImage -InputObject <IComputeAdminIdentity> -NewImage <IPlatformImageParameters>
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CreateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Add-AzsPlatformImage -InputObject <IComputeAdminIdentity> [-BillingPartNumber <String>]
 [-DataDisks <IDataDisk[]>] [-OsType <OSType>] [-OsUri <String>] [-ProvisioningState <ProvisioningState>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates a new platform image with given publisher, offer, skus and version.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add-AzsPlatformImage
```powershell
PS C:\> Add-AzsPlatformImage -Offer "asdf" -Publisher "asdf" -Sku "asdf" -Version "1.0.0" -OsType Windows -OsUri "https://asdf.blob.local.azurestack.external/asdf/UbuntuServer.vhd?sv=2017-04-17&ss=bqt&srt=sco&sp=rwdlacup&se=2020-02-13T13:25:58Z&st=2020-02-13T05:25:58Z&spr=https"

BillingPartNumber :
DataDisks         :
Id                : /subscriptions/3ae476e5-83d3-429d-a450-2f4f2fc67c5e/providers/Microsoft.Compute.Admin/locations/local/artifactTypes/platformImage/publishers/asdf/offers/asdf/skus/asdf/versions/1.0.0
Location          : local
Name              :
OsType            : Windows
OsUri             : https://asdf.blob.local.azurestack.external/asdf/UbuntuServer.vhd?sv=2017-04-17&ss=bqt&srt=sco&sp=rwdlacup&se=2020-02-13T13:25:58Z&st=2020-02-13T05:25:58Z&spr=https
ProvisioningState : Succeeded
Type              : Microsoft.Compute.Admin/locations/artifactTypes/publishers/offers/skus/versions
```

Add a Platform Image from Blob Storage. Use the a SasUri to specify the location of the PlatformImage, or use a publicly accessible URL.

## PARAMETERS


```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -BillingPartNumber
The part number is used to bill for software costs.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -DataDisks
Data disks used by the platform image.
To construct, see NOTES section for DATADISKS properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.Api20151201Preview.IDataDisk[]
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.IComputeAdminIdentity
Parameter Sets: CreateViaIdentity, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -Location
Location of the resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzLocation)[0].Location
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -NewImage
Parameters used to create a new platform image.
To construct, see NOTES section for NEWIMAGE properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.Api20151201Preview.IPlatformImageParameters
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -Offer
Name of the offer.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -OsType
Operating system type.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Support.OSType
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -OsUri
Location of the disk.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -ProvisioningState
Provisioning status of the platform image.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Support.ProvisioningState
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -Publisher
Name of the publisher.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -Sku
Name of the SKU.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -Version
The version of the resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.Api20151201Preview.IPlatformImageParameters

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.IComputeAdminIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.Api20151201Preview.IPlatformImage

## ALIASES

## NOTES

### COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES
To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.

#### DATADISKS <IDataDisk[]>: Data disks used by the platform image.
  - `[Lun <Int32?>]`: Logical unit number.
  - `[Uri <String>]`: Location of the disk template.

#### INPUTOBJECT <IComputeAdminIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[DiskId <String>]`: The disk guid as identity.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: Location of the resource.
  - `[MigrationId <String>]`: The migration job guid name.
  - `[Offer <String>]`: Name of the offer.
  - `[Publisher <String>]`: Name of the publisher.
  - `[QuotaName <String>]`: Name of the quota.
  - `[Sku <String>]`: Name of the SKU.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: Subscription credentials that uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription. The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.
  - `[Type <String>]`: Type of extension.
  - `[Version <String>]`: The version of the resource.

#### NEWIMAGE <IPlatformImageParameters>: Parameters used to create a new platform image.
  - `[DataDisk <IDataDisk[]>]`: Data disks used by the platform image.
    - `[Lun <Int32?>]`: Logical unit number.
    - `[Uri <String>]`: Location of the disk template.
  - `[DetailBillingPartNumber <String>]`: The part number is used to bill for software costs.
  - `[OSDiskOstype <OSType?>]`: Operating system type.
  - `[OSDiskUri <String>]`: Location of the disk.
  - `[ProvisioningState <ProvisioningState?>]`: Provisioning status of the platform image.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Fixes for Azs.Compute.Admin powershell module (#127)
* Fixing powershell generation errors for Azs.Compute.Admin

* Prepending 'Compute' and replacing 'Tenant' by 'User'

* Adding tests for 'Features'

* Adding recordings for 'Features' tests

* Adding 'Features' examples

* Fix platform image tests; rerecord

* Fixing feature\platform image test failures in playback.

* Add missing env.json change; Removing autorest additional files how-to.md/license.txt

* Testing out loading loadEnvJson.ps1

* Removing old feature files; Updating docs to use correct User instead of Tenant name.

* Removing old files; Renaming Get-AzsFeature to Get-AzsComputeFeature

* Updating docs using .\generate-help.ps1

* Update Update-AzsComputeGlobalFeatureSetting.md

Co-authored-by: unknown <Administrator@n22r1007-DVM.n22r1007.masd.stbtest.microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Miguel Concha Vazquez <miconcha@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: bganapa <bganapa@microsoft.com>

src/Azs.Compute.Admin/docs/Add-AzsPlatformImage.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Azs.Compute.Admin
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azs.compute.admin/add-azsplatformimage
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Add-AzsPlatformImage

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a new platform image with given publisher, offer, skus and version.

## SYNTAX

### CreateExpanded (Default)
```
Add-AzsPlatformImage -Offer <String> -Publisher <String> -Sku <String> -Version <String> [-Location <String>]
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-BillingPartNumber <String>] [-DataDisks <IDataDisk[]>] [-OsType <OSType>]
 [-OsUri <String>] [-ProvisioningState <ProvisioningState>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Create
```
Add-AzsPlatformImage -Offer <String> -Publisher <String> -Sku <String> -Version <String>
 -NewImage <IPlatformImageParameters> [-Location <String>] [-SubscriptionId <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CreateViaIdentity
```
Add-AzsPlatformImage -InputObject <IComputeAdminIdentity> -NewImage <IPlatformImageParameters>
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CreateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Add-AzsPlatformImage -InputObject <IComputeAdminIdentity> [-BillingPartNumber <String>]
 [-DataDisks <IDataDisk[]>] [-OsType <OSType>] [-OsUri <String>] [-ProvisioningState <ProvisioningState>]
 [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-AsJob] [-NoWait] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates a new platform image with given publisher, offer, skus and version.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```powershell
Add-AzsPlatformImage -Offer "asdf" -Publisher "asdf" -Sku "asdf" -Version "1.0.0" -OsType Windows -OsUri "https://asdf.blob.local.azurestack.external/asdf/UbuntuServer.vhd?sv=2017-04-17&ss=bqt&srt=sco&sp=rwdlacup&se=2020-02-13T13:25:58Z&st=2020-02-13T05:25:58Z&spr=https"
```

BillingPartNumber :
DataDisks         :
Id                : /subscriptions/3ae476e5-83d3-429d-a450-2f4f2fc67c5e/providers/Microsoft.Compute.Admin/locations/local/artifactTypes/platformImage/publishers/asdf/offers/asdf/skus/asdf/versions/1.0.0
Location          : local
Name              :
OsType            : Windows
OsUri             : https://asdf.blob.local.azurestack.external/asdf/UbuntuServer.vhd?sv=2017-04-17&ss=bqt&srt=sco&sp=rwdlacup&se=2020-02-13T13:25:58Z&st=2020-02-13T05:25:58Z&spr=https
ProvisioningState : Succeeded
Type              : Microsoft.Compute.Admin/locations/artifactTypes/publishers/offers/skus/versions

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run the command as a job

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BillingPartNumber
The part number is used to bill for software costs.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DataDisks
Data disks used by the platform image.
To construct, see NOTES section for DATADISKS properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.Api20151201Preview.IDataDisk[]
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.IComputeAdminIdentity
Parameter Sets: CreateViaIdentity, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Location of the resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzLocation)[0].Location
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NewImage
Parameters used to create a new platform image.
To construct, see NOTES section for NEWIMAGE properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.Api20151201Preview.IPlatformImageParameters
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoWait
Run the command asynchronously

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Offer
Name of the offer.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OsType
Operating system type.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Support.OSType
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OsUri
Location of the disk.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProvisioningState
Provisioning status of the platform image.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Support.ProvisioningState
Parameter Sets: CreateExpanded, CreateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Publisher
Name of the publisher.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Sku
Name of the SKU.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
The version of the resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Create, CreateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.Api20151201Preview.IPlatformImageParameters

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.IComputeAdminIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.Api20151201Preview.IPlatformImage

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


DATADISKS <IDataDisk[]>: Data disks used by the platform image.
  - `[Lun <Int32?>]`: Logical unit number.
  - `[Uri <String>]`: Location of the disk template.

INPUTOBJECT <IComputeAdminIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[DiskId <String>]`: The disk guid as identity.
  - `[FeatureName <String>]`: Name of the feature.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: Location of the resource.
  - `[MigrationId <String>]`: The migration job guid name.
  - `[Offer <String>]`: Name of the offer.
  - `[Publisher <String>]`: Name of the publisher.
  - `[QuotaName <String>]`: Name of the quota.
  - `[ScaleUnitName <String>]`: Name of the scale unit.
  - `[Sku <String>]`: Name of the SKU.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: Subscription credentials that uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription. The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.
  - `[Type <String>]`: Type of extension.
  - `[Version <String>]`: The version of the resource.

NEWIMAGE <IPlatformImageParameters>: Parameters used to create a new platform image.
  - `[DataDisk <IDataDisk[]>]`: Data disks used by the platform image.
    - `[Lun <Int32?>]`: Logical unit number.
    - `[Uri <String>]`: Location of the disk template.
  - `[DetailBillingPartNumber <String>]`: The part number is used to bill for software costs.
  - `[OSDiskOstype <OSType?>]`: Operating system type.
  - `[OSDiskUri <String>]`: Location of the disk.
  - `[ProvisioningState <ProvisioningState?>]`: Provisioning status of the platform image.

## RELATED LINKS
