src/Azs.Compute.Admin/docs/Get-AzsVMExtension.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Azs.Compute.Admin
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azs.compute.admin/get-azsvmextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzsVMExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Returns requested Virtual Machine Extension Image matching publisher, type, version.

## SYNTAX

### List (Default)
```
Get-AzsVMExtension [-Location <String>] [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Get
```
Get-AzsVMExtension -Publisher <String> -Type <String> -Version <String> [-Location <String>]
 [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GetViaIdentity
```
Get-AzsVMExtension -InputObject <IComputeAdminIdentity> [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Returns requested Virtual Machine Extension Image matching publisher, type, version.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1:  Get All VM Extensions
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-AzsVMExtension

ExtensionType            : IaaSDiagnostics
TypeHandlerVersion       : 1.11.3.12
ComputeRole              : IaaS
Id                       : /subscriptions/74c72bdc-d917-431c-a377-8ca80f4238a0/providers/Microsoft.Compute.Admin/locati
                           ons/northwest/artifactTypes/VMExtension/publishers/Microsoft.Azure.Diagnostics/types/IaaSDia
                           gnostics/versions/1.11.3.12
IsSystemExtension        : False
Location                 : northwest
Name                     :
ProvisioningState        : Succeeded
Publisher                : Microsoft.Azure.Diagnostics
SourceBlobUri            :
SupportMultipleExtension : False
Type                     : Microsoft.Compute.Admin/locations/artifactTypes/publishers/types/versions
VMScaleSetEnabled        : False
VmosType                 : Windows

...
```

Get a list of all VMExtensions by leaving all parameters blank.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.IComputeAdminIdentity
Parameter Sets: GetViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -Location
Location of the resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get, List
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzLocation)[0].Location
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -Publisher
Name of the publisher.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: Get, List
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -Type
Type of extension.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### -Version
The version of the resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Dynamic: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.IComputeAdminIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.Api20151201Preview.IVMExtension

## ALIASES

## NOTES

### COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES
To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.

#### INPUTOBJECT <IComputeAdminIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[DiskId <String>]`: The disk guid as identity.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: Location of the resource.
  - `[MigrationId <String>]`: The migration job guid name.
  - `[Offer <String>]`: Name of the offer.
  - `[Publisher <String>]`: Name of the publisher.
  - `[QuotaName <String>]`: Name of the quota.
  - `[Sku <String>]`: Name of the SKU.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: Subscription credentials that uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription. The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.
  - `[Type <String>]`: Type of extension.
  - `[Version <String>]`: The version of the resource.

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Fixes for Azs.Compute.Admin powershell module (#127)
* Fixing powershell generation errors for Azs.Compute.Admin

* Prepending 'Compute' and replacing 'Tenant' by 'User'

* Adding tests for 'Features'

* Adding recordings for 'Features' tests

* Adding 'Features' examples

* Fix platform image tests; rerecord

* Fixing feature\platform image test failures in playback.

* Add missing env.json change; Removing autorest additional files how-to.md/license.txt

* Testing out loading loadEnvJson.ps1

* Removing old feature files; Updating docs to use correct User instead of Tenant name.

* Removing old files; Renaming Get-AzsFeature to Get-AzsComputeFeature

* Updating docs using .\generate-help.ps1

* Update Update-AzsComputeGlobalFeatureSetting.md

Co-authored-by: unknown <Administrator@n22r1007-DVM.n22r1007.masd.stbtest.microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Miguel Concha Vazquez <miconcha@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: bganapa <bganapa@microsoft.com>

src/Azs.Compute.Admin/docs/Get-AzsVMExtension.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Azs.Compute.Admin
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azs.compute.admin/get-azsvmextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzsVMExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Returns requested Virtual Machine Extension Image matching publisher, type, version.

## SYNTAX

### List (Default)
```
Get-AzsVMExtension [-Location <String>] [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Get
```
Get-AzsVMExtension -Publisher <String> -Type <String> -Version <String> [-Location <String>]
 [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GetViaIdentity
```
Get-AzsVMExtension -InputObject <IComputeAdminIdentity> [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Returns requested Virtual Machine Extension Image matching publisher, type, version.

## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- EXAMPLE 1 --------------------------
```powershell
Get-AzsVMExtension
```

ExtensionType            : IaaSDiagnostics
TypeHandlerVersion       : 1.11.3.12
ComputeRole              : IaaS
Id                       : /subscriptions/74c72bdc-d917-431c-a377-8ca80f4238a0/providers/Microsoft.Compute.Admin/locati
                           ons/northwest/artifactTypes/VMExtension/publishers/Microsoft.Azure.Diagnostics/types/IaaSDia
                           gnostics/versions/1.11.3.12
IsSystemExtension        : False
Location                 : northwest
Name                     :
ProvisioningState        : Succeeded
Publisher                : Microsoft.Azure.Diagnostics
SourceBlobUri            :
SupportMultipleExtension : False
Type                     : Microsoft.Compute.Admin/locations/artifactTypes/publishers/types/versions
VMScaleSetEnabled        : False
VmosType                 : Windows

...

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.IComputeAdminIdentity
Parameter Sets: GetViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Location of the resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get, List
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzLocation)[0].Location
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Publisher
Name of the publisher.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
Subscription credentials that uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription.
The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: Get, List
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Type
Type of extension.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
The version of the resource.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Get
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.IComputeAdminIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ComputeAdmin.Models.Api20151201Preview.IVMExtension

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


INPUTOBJECT <IComputeAdminIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[DiskId <String>]`: The disk guid as identity.
  - `[FeatureName <String>]`: Name of the feature.
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[Location <String>]`: Location of the resource.
  - `[MigrationId <String>]`: The migration job guid name.
  - `[Offer <String>]`: Name of the offer.
  - `[Publisher <String>]`: Name of the publisher.
  - `[QuotaName <String>]`: Name of the quota.
  - `[ScaleUnitName <String>]`: Name of the scale unit.
  - `[Sku <String>]`: Name of the SKU.
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: Subscription credentials that uniquely identify Microsoft Azure subscription. The subscription ID forms part of the URI for every service call.
  - `[Type <String>]`: Type of extension.
  - `[Version <String>]`: The version of the resource.

## RELATED LINKS
